# aws-tamu-cloudfront-with-lambda-edge

This project contains source code and supporting files for a CloudFront + Lambda@Edge rewrite serverless application that you can 
deploy with the SAM CLI. It includes the following files and folders.

- rewrite - Code for the application's Lambda function.
- events - A simple invocation event that you can use to prove that the function is working
- template.yaml - A template that defines the application's AWS resources (CloudFront + S3 + Lambda@Edge).

## Test the sample application

The Serverless Application Model Command Line Interface (SAM CLI) is an extension of the AWS CLI that adds functionality for building and testing Lambda applications. It uses Docker to run your functions in an Amazon Linux environment that matches Lambda. It can also emulate your application's build environment and API.

To use the SAM CLI, you need the following tools.

* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)
* Node.js - [Install Node.js 12](https://nodejs.org/en/), including the NPM package management tool.
* Docker - [Install Docker community edition](https://hub.docker.com/search/?type=edition&offering=community)

To build and test your application for the first time, run the following in your shell (ensuring that you've already checked out or forked the rules):

```bash
sam validate
sam build
./test_event.sh events/index_redirect.json ../aws-tamu-lambda-redirect-rules/rules/rules.json
```

## Add a resource to your application
The application template uses AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) to define application resources. AWS SAM is an extension of AWS CloudFormation with a simpler syntax for configuring common serverless application resources such as functions, triggers, and APIs. For resources not included in [the SAM specification](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model/blob/master/versions/2016-10-31.md), you can use standard [AWS CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-template-resource-type-ref.html) resource types.

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
$ sam logs -n LambdaEdgeRewriteFunction --stack-name <your stack name here> --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Deploy the CloudFormation stack and create the site

When you fork this project, you need to customize the github actions in order to create new staging and production sites. You do this by moving
the two files from the .github/workflows-disabled directory, deploy-to-production.yml and deploy-to-staging.yml, to the directory 
.github/workflows. You'll need to customize the workflow parameters for your site.




## Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name <your stack name here>
```

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.
